Add note on recommended editors and IDEs to the developer guide (#10174)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/developer/guide.md

We closely track the most recent version of Rust. The version of Rust in your
package manager is likely too old to build Materialize.

### Editors and IDEs

> In principle, any text editor can be used to edit Rust code, including Materialize.

Author: ```suggestion
In principle, any text editor can be used to edit Rust code. There is nothing special about Materialize's codebase: any general Rust development setup should work fine.
```

By default, we recomend that developers without a strong preference of editor use
Visual Studio Code with the Rust-Analyzer plugin. This is the most mainstream
setup for developing Materialize, and the one for which you are the most likely
to be able to get help if something goes wrong. It's important to note that you
**should not** install Microsoft's official Rust plugin, as it is known to
conflict with Rust-Analyzer; the latter has far more advanced code navigation
features and is the de-facto standard for developing Rust.

If you prefer to use another editor, such as Vim or Emacs, we recommend that
you install an LSP plugin with Rust-Analyzer. How to do so is beyond the scope
of this document; if you have any issues, ask in one of the engineering channels
on Slack.

Besides Rust-Analyzer, the only other known tool with good code navigation features
is CLion along with its Rust plugin. This is a good choice for developers who prefer
the JetBrains ecosystem, but we no longer recommend it by default, since

> Rust-Analyzer has long since caught up to it in maturity.

Author: ```suggestion
Rust-Analyzer has long since caught up to it in maturity.

### Debugging

The standard debuggers for Rust code are `rust-lldb` on macOS, and `rust-gdb` on GNU/Linux.
(It is also possible to run `rust-lldb` on GNU/Linux if necessary for whatever reason).
These are wrappers around `lldb` and `gdb`, respectively, that endow them with slightly
improved capabilities for pretty-printing Rust data structures.

Unfortunately, you will soon find that these programs work less well than the equivalent
tools for some other mainstream programming languages. In particular, inspecting
complex data structures is often tedious and difficult. For this reason, most developers routinely use
`println!` statements for debugging, in addition to (or instead of) these standard debuggers.
```

In principle, any text editor can be used to edit Rust code. There is nothing special about Materialize's codebase: any general Rust development setup should work fine.

By default, we recomend that developers without a strong preference of editor use
Visual Studio Code with the Rust-Analyzer plugin. This is the most mainstream
setup for developing Materialize, and the one for which you are the most likely
to be able to get help if something goes wrong. It's important to note that you
**should not** install Microsoft's official Rust plugin, as it is known to
conflict with Rust-Analyzer; the latter has far more advanced code navigation
features and is the de-facto standard for developing Rust.

If you prefer to use another editor, such as Vim or Emacs, we recommend that
you install an LSP plugin with Rust-Analyzer. How to do so is beyond the scope
of this document; if you have any issues, ask in one of the engineering channels
on Slack.

Besides Rust-Analyzer, the only other known tool with good code navigation features
is CLion along with its Rust plugin. This is a good choice for developers who prefer
the JetBrains ecosystem, but we no longer recommend it by default, since

> Rust-Analyzer has long since caught up to it in maturity.

Reviewer: If you're up for it, it'd be great to get the required Python configuration for VSCode written down too. The standard Python extension from Microsoft works great with the following configuration in .vscode/settings.json:

```json
{
  "python.linting.mypyEnabled": true,
  "python.analysis.extraPaths": [
      "misc/python"
  ],
  "python.defaultInterpreterPath": "misc/python/venv/bin/python"
}
```

### Debugging

> The standard debuggers for Rust code are `rust-lldb` on macOS, and `rust-gdb` on GNU/Linux.

Reviewer 2: You might mention the vscode codelldb plugin as well
